Adds scripting guide doc (#34539)
dotnet/runtime: docs/coding-guidelines/coding-style.md

C# Coding Style
===============

For C++ files (*.cpp and *.h), we use clang-format (version 3.6+) to ensure code styling. After changing any Cpp or H file and before merging, src/Native/format-code.sh must be run. This script will ensure that all native code files adhere to the coding style guidelines. For script files (*.sh, *.ps1 and *.cmd), see the [Scripting Guide](scripting-guide.md).

> For non code files (xml, etc), our current best guidance is consistency. When editing files, keep new code and changes consistent with the style in the files. For new files, it should conform to the style for that component. If there is a completely new component, anything that is reasonably broadly accepted is fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other types of files (xml, bat, sh, etc), our current best guidance is consistency. When editing files, keep new code and changes consistent with the style in the files. For new files, it should conform to the style for that component. If there is a completely new component, anything that is reasonably broadly accepted is fine.
```

Reviewer: Better than duplicating the paragraph
